[essay 1]
typo: bfpt    prediction: but    true: kept

[essay 2]
typo: bzll    prediction: bill    true: tell
typo: aiye    prediction: ziye    true: time

[essay 4]
typo: yeafs    prediction: years    true: means
typo: pily    prediction: lily    true: only

[essay 5]
typo: whkle    prediction: whole    true: while

[essay 6]
typo: jsmk    prediction: jack    true: junk

[essay 9]
typo: gvmr    prediction: mr    true: over
typo: nhis    prediction: his    true: this

[essay 10]
typo: uent    prediction: went    true: sent

[essay 12]
typo: iibson    prediction: gibson    true: wilson

[essay 15]
typo: adte    prediction: date    true: cute

[essay 17]
typo: osft    prediction: soft    true: left
typo: lisw    prediction: lisa    true: like
typo: hshe    prediction: she    true: hope

[essay 18]
typo: diod    prediction: did    true: good
typo: cooc    prediction: cool    true: good

[essay 19]
typo: mwst    prediction: most    true: cost

[essay 20]
typo: mntt    prediction: matt    true: must
typo: theu    prediction: the    true: then

[essay 23]
typo: sfae    prediction: safe    true: stay

[essay 25]
typo: thanr    prediction: thank    true: their
typo: djqing    prediction: daqing    true: during
typo: uess    prediction: less    true: mess

[essay 26]
typo: awirt    prediction: art    true: shirt
typo: casn    prediction: can    true: hasn

[essay 30]
typo: miby    prediction: moby    true: mike
typo: ouenings    prediction: openings    true: evenings
typo: tikbs    prediction: tibs    true: likes

[essay 31]
typo: pavd    prediction: paid    true: park

[essay 33]
typo: eakls    prediction: eats    true: wakes
typo: theb    prediction: the    true: then
typo: boyu    prediction: boy    true: boys

[essay 34]
typo: jzly    prediction: july    true: only

[essay 35]
typo: salv    prediction: salt    true: tall

[essay 36]
typo: ralis    prediction: rails    true: rules

[essay 38]
typo: tizn    prediction: tian    true: town

[essay 39]
typo: hintel    prediction: intel    true: winter

[essay 40]
typo: zilo    prediction: kilo    true: will

[essay 41]
typo: qexj    prediction: next    true: text

[essay 43]
typo: tlght    prediction: tight    true: night
typo: tids    prediction: kids    true: till

[essay 44]
typo: hyme    prediction: home    true: some

[essay 46]
typo: whey    prediction: they    true: when

[essay 50]
typo: livang    prediction: living    true: giving

[essay 51]
typo: wherj    prediction: where    true: there

[essay 54]
typo: wkst    prediction: west    true: what

[essay 55]
typo: jara    prediction: sara    true: gary

[essay 56]
typo: vhef    prediction: chef    true: when

[essay 69]
typo: boqlds    prediction: bowls    true: worlds

[essay 70]
typo: forys    prediction: forms    true: words
typo: zimu    prediction: zim    true: time

[essay 72]
typo: wdnt    prediction: went    true: want
typo: theu    prediction: the    true: then

[essay 73]
typo: dohk    prediction: dock    true: does
typo: aitw    prediction: it    true: bite

[essay 74]
typo: koat    prediction: boat    true: that

[essay 75]
typo: foha    prediction: doha    true: john

[essay 77]
typo: vayed    prediction: played    true: named

[essay 80]
typo: mahk    prediction: mark    true: mall
typo: hhen    prediction: when    true: then

[essay 85]
typo: jitl    prediction: jill    true: with

[essay 87]
typo: hoaex    prediction: hoax    true: hotel

[essay 89]
typo: einh    prediction: minh    true: find

[essay 90]
typo: dskve    prediction: save    true: drove

[essay 93]
typo: eiey    prediction: evey    true: eyes

[essay 94]
typo: hexb    prediction: help    true: hear

[essay 95]
typo: thex    prediction: the    true: they

[essay 96]
typo: thox    prediction: thou    true: that

[essay 97]
typo: hongy    prediction: hong    true: money

[essay 99]
typo: wdrw    prediction: were    true: warm

[essay 100]
typo: stap    prediction: stop    true: stay
typo: hanbu    prediction: hand    true: hands

[essay 101]
typo: wzed    prediction: wed    true: used

[essay 102]
typo: nrina    prediction: nina    true: china

[essay 103]
typo: fekr    prediction: fear    true: year
typo: eens    prediction: pens    true: hens

[essay 105]
typo: yjue    prediction: yue    true: your

[essay 106]
typo: ovch    prediction: ouch    true: much

[essay 107]
typo: oher    prediction: over    true: then
typo: hala    prediction: half    true: talk

[essay 108]
typo: theyl    prediction: they    true: there
typo: qooi    prediction: took    true: look

[essay 110]
typo: hahd    prediction: hard    true: hand

[essay 111]
typo: thso    prediction: theo    true: that

[essay 119]
typo: arth    prediction: art    true: with

[essay 120]
typo: hojts    prediction: hosts    true: hopes

[essay 121]
typo: bqyp    prediction: by    true: boys

[essay 122]
typo: soly    prediction: sold    true: only
typo: ofln    prediction: ofen    true: only

[essay 127]
typo: wmrk    prediction: work    true: week

[essay 128]
typo: worjs    prediction: words    true: world
typo: doink    prediction: drink    true: doing

[essay 129]
typo: thed    prediction: then    true: they

[essay 133]
typo: cmmb    prediction: comb    true: came

[essay 134]
typo: tzit    prediction: tait    true: this

[essay 135]
typo: moueh    prediction: mouth    true: money

[essay 137]
typo: lrox    prediction: look    true: from
typo: uine    prediction: fine    true: line
typo: othey    prediction: they    true: other
typo: eien    prediction: even    true: when

[essay 138]
typo: qose    prediction: nose    true: home

[essay 140]
typo: phej    prediction: phew    true: they
typo: jhct    prediction: jack    true: what

[essay 142]
typo: lejt    prediction: let    true: left

[essay 144]
typo: annq    prediction: ann    true: anna

[essay 145]
typo: cors    prediction: cars    true: work
typo: mxth    prediction: math    true: with

[essay 147]
typo: moey    prediction: money    true: they

[essay 148]
typo: karm    prediction: warm    true: karl

[essay 149]
typo: rexd    prediction: red    true: read
typo: reod    prediction: red    true: read

[essay 150]
typo: xhet    prediction: het    true: what

[essay 151]
typo: wrlt    prediction: walt    true: want
typo: kzou    prediction: kou    true: know
typo: rcay    prediction: ray    true: read

[essay 152]
typo: fosr    prediction: for    true: four

[essay 157]
typo: curt    prediction: cut    true: care
typo: slag    prediction: slam    true: play

[essay 158]
typo: gare    prediction: game    true: care
typo: yheee    prediction: these    true: cheer
typo: kying    prediction: king    true: dying

[essay 159]
typo: cafo    prediction: cafe    true: came

[essay 160]
typo: foun    prediction: found    true: four

[essay 166]
typo: momc    prediction: mom    true: more

[essay 168]
typo: dail    prediction: daily    true: said

[essay 170]
typo: jtll    prediction: jill    true: well

[essay 171]
typo: bally    prediction: sally    true: cally
typo: gruldn    prediction: couldn    true: wouldn

[essay 173]
typo: dnme    prediction: dime    true: game

[essay 174]
typo: yopr    prediction: your    true: year

[essay 175]
typo: tiel    prediction: tel    true: they

[essay 176]
typo: jihk    prediction: jim    true: jill

[essay 177]
typo: reev    prediction: reed    true: feel
typo: mojk    prediction: monk    true: more
typo: nhkre    prediction: there    true: share
typo: wems    prediction: gems    true: well
typo: lodary    prediction: today    true: rotary

[essay 179]
typo: woid    prediction: word    true: said

[essay 183]
typo: hilj    prediction: hill    true: bill

[essay 184]
typo: idoc    prediction: idol    true: idea

[essay 187]
typo: tobher    prediction: togher    true: mother

[essay 188]
typo: keok    prediction: know    true: keep

[essay 189]
typo: thiur    prediction: thur    true: third

[essay 192]
typo: qesi    prediction: esi    true: test
typo: huhp    prediction: hump    true: hurt
typo: basq    prediction: base    true: last
typo: thev    prediction: the    true: them
typo: uend    prediction: send    true: read

[essay 193]
typo: teld    prediction: told    true: tell

[essay 195]
typo: tvezy    prediction: they    true: every

[essay 196]
typo: biwl    prediction: bill    true: will

[essay 198]
typo: iook    prediction: look    true: cook
typo: qmmm    prediction: mmm    true: emma

[essay 199]
typo: tkeb    prediction: the    true: them

[essay 203]
typo: ueep    prediction: keep    true: jeep
typo: keas    prediction: keys    true: sees
typo: tfam    prediction: team    true: that

[essay 208]
typo: lxip    prediction: lip    true: trip

[essay 211]
typo: enrry    prediction: entry    true: angry

[essay 214]
typo: fliu    prediction: liu    true: flew
typo: wcta    prediction: wta    true: with

[essay 215]
typo: kiku    prediction: kiki    true: kilo
typo: bucn    prediction: burn    true: yuan

[essay 216]
typo: erhm    prediction: erhu    true: from
typo: felw    prediction: fell    true: help

[essay 219]
typo: plaz    prediction: play    true: plan

[essay 220]
typo: gole    prediction: gone    true: some

[essay 222]
typo: firi    prediction: fire    true: find

[essay 223]
typo: moko    prediction: moo    true: make
typo: zeaos    prediction: zeros    true: means

[essay 224]
typo: thew    prediction: the    true: they
typo: wilm    prediction: will    true: wild
typo: tjeo    prediction: theo    true: them

[essay 225]
typo: tnai    prediction: thai    true: that

[essay 227]
typo: roun    prediction: round    true: your

[essay 229]
typo: mady    prediction: many    true: mary
typo: nyth    prediction: myth    true: with

[essay 230]
typo: sqmu    prediction: sqm    true: some
typo: helr    prediction: help    true: hear
typo: zrto    prediction: to    true: into

[essay 231]
typo: thlg    prediction: then    true: that

[essay 233]
typo: orem    prediction: oreo    true: them

[essay 235]
typo: siub    prediction: sub    true: club

[essay 236]
typo: rnid    prediction: rid    true: said

[essay 240]
typo: fito    prediction: fit    true: find

[essay 241]
typo: thea    prediction: the    true: they
typo: fallow    prediction: allow    true: follow

[essay 242]
typo: shrde    prediction: shade    true: three

[essay 244]
typo: bounf    prediction: bound    true: young

[essay 245]
typo: wcew    prediction: we    true: when
typo: hsng    prediction: hong    true: hang

[essay 246]
typo: coeep    prediction: cheep    true: comes

[essay 251]
typo: ljva    prediction: lava    true: live

[essay 252]
typo: cear    prediction: near    true: dear

[essay 258]
typo: esvil    prediction: evil    true: email

[essay 259]
typo: studiee    prediction: studies    true: studied

[essay 260]
typo: wagb    prediction: wage    true: wasn
typo: bful    prediction: ful    true: bill

[essay 261]
typo: tols    prediction: toys    true: toes

[essay 264]
typo: thcm    prediction: them    true: they
typo: wkek    prediction: week    true: when

[essay 265]
typo: valse    prediction: vase    true: false

[essay 271]
typo: hohp    prediction: hop    true: hour
typo: tvaz    prediction: taz    true: that

[essay 272]
typo: arbued    prediction: argued    true: around

[essay 273]
typo: fhok    prediction: for    true: from

[essay 274]
typo: zoep    prediction: zoey    true: step
typo: zvero    prediction: zero    true: every
typo: theq    prediction: the    true: they
typo: lsoe    prediction: lose    true: like
typo: apat    prediction: pat    true: that

[essay 275]
typo: thiy    prediction: they    true: this
typo: ynay    prediction: yay    true: away

[essay 276]
typo: ddan    prediction: dan    true: didn
typo: winl    prediction: will    true: wine
typo: theof    prediction: theo    true: there

[essay 277]
typo: tays    prediction: says    true: days

[essay 278]
typo: mhex    prediction: he    true: they

[essay 279]
typo: mume    prediction: mum    true: more

[essay 281]
typo: rocketo    prediction: rocket    true: rockets

[essay 282]
typo: whirm    prediction: whirr    true: while

[essay 283]
typo: mand    prediction: and    true: land
typo: covw    prediction: cow    true: cold

[essay 286]
typo: sqxy    prediction: say    true: stay

[essay 288]
typo: grusi    prediction: grass    true: grubs

[essay 289]
typo: cemt    prediction: cent    true: meat
typo: otherr    prediction: other    true: others
typo: aage    prediction: page    true: cage
typo: girin    prediction: grin    true: given

[essay 290]
typo: sase    prediction: safe    true: came
typo: tfas    prediction: tvas    true: that
typo: mokdy    prediction: moody    true: money

[essay 293]
typo: hrrn    prediction: horn    true: here

[essay 295]
typo: aood    prediction: wood    true: food

[essay 296]
typo: taxc    prediction: taxi    true: take

[essay 298]
typo: chrly    prediction: curly    true: early
typo: cahu    prediction: chu    true: call

[essay 300]
typo: tocks    prediction: socks    true: books

[essay 301]
typo: yoit    prediction: noit    true: your

[essay 302]
typo: taete    prediction: taste    true: there
typo: tmail    prediction: tail    true: small

[essay 303]
typo: bawl    prediction: ball    true: back

[essay 305]
typo: xoll    prediction: doll    true: will
typo: jeed    prediction: need    true: seed
typo: thxb    prediction: thb    true: them
typo: yaze    prediction: yale    true: have

[essay 306]
typo: ykay    prediction: okay    true: play
typo: wylt    prediction: walt    true: what

[essay 308]
typo: srxng    prediction: sing    true: bring

[essay 310]
typo: shts    prediction: sits    true: this
typo: favogrite    prediction: favorite    true: favourite
typo: shem    prediction: she    true: them

[essay 312]
typo: amery    prediction: avery    true: every

[essay 313]
typo: yowp    prediction: you    true: your

[essay 316]
typo: plac    prediction: play    true: plan

[essay 318]
typo: nome    prediction: some    true: come
typo: davo    prediction: dave    true: date

[essay 323]
typo: favouite    prediction: favourite    true: favorite

[essay 324]
typo: nbor    prediction: nor    true: nbsp

[essay 325]
typo: wter    prediction: water    true: when
typo: ohcen    prediction: when    true: often

[essay 331]
typo: wqne    prediction: wine    true: were
typo: gopr    prediction: door    true: good

[essay 332]
typo: hise    prediction: his    true: have
typo: mtrl    prediction: mtr    true: meal

[essay 335]
typo: penfriendz    prediction: penfriend    true: penfriends

[essay 337]
typo: citr    prediction: city    true: with

[essay 338]
typo: mesbs    prediction: mess    true: desks

[essay 341]
typo: tsich    prediction: thich    true: which

[essay 342]
typo: foim    prediction: form    true: from

[essay 343]
typo: fooda    prediction: food    true: foods
typo: nbtc    prediction: nbc    true: nbsp
typo: npep    prediction: pep    true: nbsp

[essay 344]
typo: lldt    prediction: let    true: last

[essay 346]
typo: neqt    prediction: next    true: kept

[essay 348]
typo: hdeks    prediction: desk    true: ideas

[essay 351]
typo: xutp    prediction: put    true: nuts

[essay 352]
typo: boqh    prediction: both    true: book

[essay 353]
typo: noiv    prediction: nov    true: nosy
typo: cpmd    prediction: pmd    true: cold

[essay 355]
typo: teab    prediction: team    true: head
typo: sfeh    prediction: she    true: seen

[essay 356]
typo: jsne    prediction: june    true: mine
typo: lnve    prediction: live    true: love

[essay 357]
typo: scere    prediction: score    true: there
typo: sonrme    prediction: some    true: source

[essay 358]
typo: talx    prediction: talk    true: tell

[essay 359]
typo: monct    prediction: monet    true: money
typo: chrnged    prediction: changed    true: changes
typo: eher    prediction: her    true: they
typo: rovio    prediction: movie    true: radio

[essay 360]
typo: xarx    prediction: marx    true: hard

[essay 361]
typo: gvue    prediction: glue    true: gave

[essay 362]
typo: aoke    prediction: woke    true: none

[essay 363]
typo: mjra    prediction: mara    true: more
typo: tnom    prediction: tom    true: from
typo: lisq    prediction: lisa    true: last

[essay 364]
typo: irch    prediction: rich    true: much

[essay 365]
typo: yosw    prediction: yos    true: your
typo: youn    prediction: you    true: your

[essay 366]
typo: thev    prediction: the    true: they
typo: vwon    prediction: won    true: owen
typo: behe    prediction: bee    true: been

[essay 367]
typo: magb    prediction: magi    true: make

[essay 368]
typo: frke    prediction: free    true: from
typo: byon    prediction: yon    true: soon

[essay 370]
typo: sioh    prediction: stop    true: sing

[essay 371]
typo: xuet    prediction: xue    true: just

[essay 373]
typo: tolk    prediction: took    true: work
typo: xiue    prediction: xue    true: nice

[essay 374]
typo: tlerc    prediction: clerc    true: there

[essay 375]
typo: nifence    prediction: fence    true: silence
typo: heep    prediction: help    true: keep

[essay 376]
typo: wadi    prediction: dadi    true: walk

[essay 377]
typo: sterp    prediction: step    true: sleep
typo: pake    prediction: make    true: take
typo: sooe    prediction: some    true: soon

[essay 379]
typo: modd    prediction: mood    true: told

[essay 380]
typo: kake    prediction: make    true: take

[essay 382]
typo: eftur    prediction: four    true: after
typo: sithu    prediction: with    true: sites

[essay 383]
typo: tomky    prediction: tommy    true: toney

[essay 384]
typo: cohng    prediction: chong    true: going

[essay 385]
typo: pasv    prediction: past    true: park

[essay 386]
typo: shaai    prediction: shuai    true: share

[essay 387]
typo: srouts    prediction: shouts    true: sports

[essay 388]
typo: thsse    prediction: these    true: there

[essay 390]
typo: ssen    prediction: seen    true: then

[essay 391]
typo: rust    prediction: must    true: just

[essay 394]
typo: orses    prediction: horses    true: order

[essay 395]
typo: gqis    prediction: is    true: goes

[essay 396]
typo: pavi    prediction: pali    true: pass
typo: miyn    prediction: min    true: mini

[essay 397]
typo: rofks    prediction: rocks    true: books

[essay 398]
typo: cope    prediction: come    true: more

[essay 400]
typo: oanqing    prediction: anqing    true: handing
typo: tofs    prediction: toys    true: this

[essay 401]
typo: wloodw    prediction: blood    true: floods
typo: raxnh    prediction: rain    true: rains
typo: einf    prediction: in    true: line

[essay 402]
typo: woflf    prediction: wolf    true: would

[essay 403]
typo: geos    prediction: goes    true: good
typo: chyv    prediction: chyi    true: chew
typo: hote    prediction: hope    true: hate

[essay 404]
typo: cvon    prediction: von    true: soon

[essay 407]
typo: wora    prediction: word    true: work

[essay 408]
typo: hmly    prediction: holy    true: only
typo: nwner    prediction: owner    true: never

[essay 409]
typo: ihvy    prediction: ivy    true: they
typo: hould    prediction: should    true: would

[essay 410]
typo: eaey    prediction: easy    true: they

[essay 411]
typo: lpain    prediction: pain    true: learn

[essay 412]
typo: peopid    prediction: peopie    true: people
typo: lige    prediction: like    true: live

[essay 414]
typo: apkec    prediction: apec    true: asked

[essay 416]
typo: kevs    prediction: keys    true: kept
typo: thme    prediction: the    true: time

[essay 419]
typo: uakes    prediction: makes    true: takes

[essay 421]
typo: gaste    prediction: taste    true: waste
typo: neast    prediction: east    true: least

[essay 422]
typo: talj    prediction: tall    true: talk
typo: hild    prediction: hill    true: hold

[essay 424]
typo: shme    prediction: she    true: some

[essay 425]
typo: cxpr    prediction: cpr    true: caps

[essay 426]
typo: nalm    prediction: calm    true: talk

[essay 429]
typo: ghen    prediction: when    true: they
typo: thec    prediction: the    true: then
typo: robi    prediction: robin    true: rome

[essay 430]
typo: eighb    prediction: eight    true: right
typo: tihre    prediction: tire    true: there

[essay 431]
typo: findh    prediction: find    true: finds

[essay 433]
typo: libe    prediction: live    true: life
typo: moane    prediction: moana    true: movie
typo: alnj    prediction: and    true: also
typo: ybans    prediction: bans    true: plans
typo: cotg    prediction: lot    true: long

[essay 436]
typo: likns    prediction: likes    true: liked

[essay 437]
typo: nfge    prediction: nice    true: name
typo: nalk    prediction: talk    true: park
typo: wkate    prediction: kate    true: skate

[essay 438]
typo: tjap    prediction: tap    true: that

[essay 439]
typo: saye    prediction: says    true: face

[essay 443]
typo: bewz    prediction: benz    true: news

[essay 444]
typo: swit    prediction: sit    true: swim
typo: lenl    prediction: lend    true: long

[essay 446]
typo: hakes    prediction: makes    true: takes

[essay 447]
typo: nhed    prediction: need    true: they
typo: villagev    prediction: village    true: villages

[essay 449]
typo: thizh    prediction: thich    true: thing
typo: liay    prediction: lily    true: lion

[essay 450]
typo: wved    prediction: wed    true: even

[essay 452]
typo: nisht    prediction: night    true: light

[essay 453]
typo: heasy    prediction: easy    true: heavy
typo: zhvn    prediction: zhen    true: then

[essay 454]
typo: vutt    prediction: butt    true: must

[essay 455]
typo: llnh    prediction: llth    true: land
typo: thcx    prediction: the    true: they
typo: goro    prediction: gogo    true: more
typo: hoak    prediction: oak    true: hold

[essay 456]
typo: uaft    prediction: raft    true: last
typo: meadx    prediction: mead    true: means

[essay 457]
typo: asmy    prediction: amy    true: atms
typo: oaos    prediction: oaks    true: says
typo: nake    prediction: make    true: take

[essay 458]
typo: haen    prediction: han    true: when
typo: pdae    prediction: pda    true: play
typo: gren    prediction: green    true: free
typo: wioe    prediction: wine    true: time

[essay 461]
typo: sxays    prediction: says    true: stays
typo: moea    prediction: mona    true: more
typo: theq    prediction: the    true: they

[essay 464]
typo: spjn    prediction: spin    true: upon

[essay 466]
typo: tfek    prediction: trek    true: they

[essay 470]
typo: gegs    prediction: gets    true: goes

[essay 472]
typo: hera    prediction: her    true: here
typo: yilu    prediction: milu    true: will
typo: caml    prediction: call    true: came

[essay 473]
typo: rsll    prediction: roll    true: tell

[essay 479]
typo: vuis    prediction: luis    true: this

[essay 480]
typo: hxlh    prediction: help    true: hold

[essay 481]
typo: chgnse    prediction: chinese    true: cheese
typo: teef    prediction: beef    true: they

[essay 482]
typo: csme    prediction: come    true: came
typo: neft    prediction: left    true: nest
typo: uley    prediction: they    true: flew
typo: earms    prediction: arms    true: farms

[essay 483]
typo: toone    prediction: tone    true: phone

[essay 484]
typo: earid    prediction: marid    true: early
typo: mlsj    prediction: must    true: also

[essay 485]
typo: ogse    prediction: one    true: once

[essay 487]
typo: toem    prediction: tom    true: tree
typo: iaue    prediction: have    true: take

[essay 488]
typo: wuout    prediction: out    true: about

[essay 489]
typo: linp    prediction: lin    true: ring

[essay 491]
typo: gould    prediction: would    true: could
typo: humk    prediction: hump    true: home

[essay 499]
typo: teas    prediction: tea    true: dear

[essay 500]
typo: diad    prediction: did    true: didn

